Oh yeah. This musical theme is created by Jordy White from Marilyn Manson's fame.
Who is joining us next week at Fred Sablon because a new show on Feral audio, Hour of Goon, is also airing.
So Jordy's made us a lot of music, so get ready for a lot of groovy, spooky rock from Jordy White.
I think there's lyrics at some point too. Let's bring our special critter in everybody.
The Mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you very much.
Yeah, did you explain that?
I did. I shot it at that.
Alright. I was getting all ready to explain the Marilyn Manson guy.
Yeah.
Now how am I going to start the show?
Take a swing at it.
This guy from Marilyn Manson made music.
He's going to be on the show in a couple of weeks.
That guy likes Star Wars and comic books more than anybody in this room.
He is the biggest sci-fi geek in the universe. It's great.
I got Star Wars on my Apple TV. I watched Hateful Eight instead.
I can't believe. I'm kind of proud and ashamed of it at the same time.
Every time I open up the thing, I'm like, I'm going to watch a movie and then I see the other new Star Wars.
I'm like, I'll just watch it some other time.
It's not a clip of Han Solo wanting to use the crossbow.
And then he's like, I like it.
I can extrapolate what that movie is going to be.
It's not for me, right? It's not for me.
Yeah, I think I mentioned that I fell asleep in a theater, then fell asleep in my dream.
We're old, you know?
We're old.
Is it for young people? Spencer, did you watch it?
Did you dig the new one?
I never got into Star Wars, man.
I saw it like a couple of times as a kid, but then any time I'd seen any part of it since then,
I was like, what the fuck? Is this Darth Vader? He's in this one too?
It's just really crazy to me. So it's just the same thing.
I'm excited about the fact that what they're doing industrially speaking,
I think they might as well break that thing open and do what they're doing in a post-Marvel world.
Let's watch a million Star Wars movies. I don't mind that.
Because they're taking, you know, they're just throwing everything at the wall.
And so some of that shit's going to be good.
All different writers and directors and stuff. It's going to be fun.
It's not a secret, right? The Legos guys are doing the Han Solo thing.
That's all announced and stuff.
And Adam Driver's playing Han Solo? Am I getting any of this right or am I just old?
I don't know. I could have this all wrong.
They're like, no, Adam Driver is playing. Never mind.
Adam Arkin is driving them to the lot.
Yeah, I'm getting ready to, you know, I'm just banking stuff for, you know,
I'm just trying to put together a nest egg for my retirement now.
And I don't need to take in any more pop culture. I'm not going to be relevant.
Ten years from now when this stuff's going to be funny to reference, you know,
like when I was 35, you'd bust out a Goonies joke and people would be like,
so the equivalent of that right now for this stuff, I'd be like 70 going like, remember the remake of the remake of the remake of the Goonies?
And people would be like, go to bed, old man.
Do you have an ideal retirement age? Do you think you want to retire at some point?
42. I am currently a year behind schedule.
I spent the day retired. I didn't have to shoot. I was supposed to be writing my book for a double day,
but instead I've really, I really was a bad boy today.
Like a girlfriend's out of town.
And so it was literally like, you heard my voice last week.
Like I've been, I've not been outside of anyone's company for like months.
And like, I just sort of, I just vegged out today and I kept opening up my computer and going,
okay, I'm going to start writing.
But then like, I took like bullshit time wasting video gaming to a new level today
and just actually made some interesting discoveries.
Like I've been playing this game called Avengers Academy on the iPad.
It's like a game for and by 13 year old girls set in the Marvel universe in which all the Marvel characters are going to prep school.
And you press on WASP and she says like, want to take a selfie?
And then she takes a selfie for a while.
And then like, you can make her take selfies faster if you buy enough crystals or,
but like, you know, you're not going to pay any money, right?
You're going to beat the game.
And so I've been on this thing for a while and now they've got the Guardians of the Galaxy event happening this weekend or all through April.
So there's like, you can unlock Guardians of the Galaxy.
They crashed outside the campus and you're just, it's just a farming game.
It's getting really scary how much of a science they've gotten like our just dopamine spiking to things.
So you can see the effect it has had on me.
I'm not as put together as I usually am.
But there was a game I found.
It's called Adventure Capitalist.
It's by this, the company's called Congregate with a K.
I'm actually, I'm recommending, you should check it out.
Like, I don't, I'm not going to say everybody in the world's going to like it,
but it's insane.
It's insanely like minimalist.
Like, it literally is like, you press a button to make your lemonade stand generate money.
So it's a progress indicator that goes whoop.
And then your lemonade stand has made money.
So then you press it again.
And it whoop, it did it again, whoop, and you keep doing it, and after a while if you keep doing it,
a button appears below it that says, well now you can buy a donut shop.
More money, progress indicator goes a little slow.
After a while you get some more money and then it goes, hey, you tired of pressing those buttons?
Why don't you hire a manager?
And you go to the thing.
And you hire these managers.
A lemonade manager, thousand bucks.
And your lemonade is like, whoop, whoop, whoop, your lemonade is getting made.
And you orgasm when that happens.
They trick you.
You're going like, oh my God, it's making lemonade whether I touch it or not.
And then you do the same with the donuts.
And it goes all the way, there's two rows on the iPad.
If it's portrait style, it's two rows.
And the bottom row is just oil rigs and everything.
And I've been playing it for two days straight because part of the game is once you get like into quadrillions of dollars,
you can start, you can restart, you accrue these angel investors.
Which means basically, all it means is that you can start the game over and you kind of like, it's like, everything costs different.
But it's, say, I'm so fucking addicted to it.
They've figured it out.
Like, you don't need a Pac-Man eating dots even.
We're monkeys.
We'll just sit there and fucking.
Like, I've got the thing running right now.
I can't wait to get home.
Can we fire it up and see where you're at right now?
No, no, no.
I will run.
What I want to do with my phone is I brought, so Avengers Academy, back to that.
So I'm playing Avengers Academy.
And it's these kids, they're young adults and they've got will they won't they stories going on.
And it's all family oriented.
But the Tony Stark character, of course, is supposed to be, he's supposed to be like the, you know, he's like the, for those of you who are my age, three of you, he's the Mahoney of this Academy.
Nope.
Nobody's, that was for me and you.
Spencer's dad listening somewhere at home.
Okay, but okay, so, so every time you touch these kids.
All right, that was for me, you and a couple people.
Now I'm listening.
Go on.
Every time you touch these kids, you get a dollar.
And they get a piece of candy.
You touch enough kids, you get a van.
But it has windows in it, but you can remove them as you upgrade.
Your cross-space needs more space.
You need a shovel sharpener.
It's to bury the kids you killed.
You sickos.
Okay, but every time you touch one of these young folks, that made it better.
Every time you tap on one of them, you know, they just every time, every time you tap that.
They have a sound bite.
Like I said, if you tap Wasp, she goes like, so fierce.
They have like 20 random things, so sometimes she'll go like, whatever happened to romance.
Let's see, I think I have, I wanted to set the tone for you, so let's see.
Here's a Wasp one.
Wait, oh shit, I gotta put it, okay.
This party started.
Let's get this party started, Wasp says.
You know, it's just, in case you didn't know what a sound bite was.
Can I hear a couple more?
Loki is going to the Academy too.
He's kind of like, I know what you're saying, isn't he a bad guy?
Well, that's the thing about you, when you're in school, it's like, front of me, you know?
So like, so like Red Skull will come in a leather jacket and he'll be like, what's up?
You know, it'd be like, get out of here.
And I'll be like, okay, so here's some Loki sound bites or one Loki sound bite.
I didn't take orders from you.
So that's just like, imagine these are just little bites.
He's the Gecko?
So over time, you're going to hear these things 5,000 times if you're really addicted to this game.
And so the thing is about the Tony Stark character.
Now, if the kid playing Tony Stark is a fan of the podcast, I hope he doesn't do anything untoward to himself.
You sound fine. You should be working in voiceover work.
It's just that your clips were poorly directed and poorly chosen for the game,
because they're very, very long for considering that every time I tap on Tony Stark,
which is going to be a lot because he's the best.
And he makes everything.
So you have to hear these very long sound clips.
So I recorded a handful of Tony Stark's sound bites until I got to the one that really, really bothers me.
And I think it's the last one.
So first, we'll just listen to a couple.
I didn't take orders.
Oh, that's not...
Oh, could you imagine if that was Tony Stark?
Why did you bring me to this podcast?
No, I swear, Rob Corddry was here last week.
He's my favorite writer.
Someone's on a first date tonight.
And I blew it for them.
But there's one other person who's on a first date and we're nailing it somehow.
I don't know how.
I don't know.
Maybe the girl that brought the guy...
The guy is like, maybe he's like a big Avengers fan.
And he's like, I didn't know...
I didn't know you'd take me to see a fat guy play clips from the thing.
And she's like, yeah, well, I know what I'm doing.
And he's like, I'm going to make love to you tonight.
And she's like...
See how I reverse those roles to give the woman agency?
I was going to go see David Gilmore from Pink Floyd, but I'm so much happier that we came to see this.
Oh, the fat guy...
Yeah, it's okay.
The fat guy playing clips.
That's David Gilmore from Pink Floyd.
No, he's a very sexy guy from Pink Floyd, isn't he?
God, is he here?
No, I think he's playing tonight at the Forum or something.
Oh, okay.
I was trying to figure out what dot you were connecting.
I know.
I'm just saying, you know...
Tonight's the dot.
We live in the entertainment capital of the world, there's a lot of choices for your entertainment dollar.
David Gilmore from Pink Floyd is playing.
I mean, even I would say better to come here.
Even you?
Yeah.
Even if Roger Waters isn't there, come here.
Wow.
All right.
Shots fired.
So here's some Tony Stark.
Let's get serious or not.
Okay.
He's funny.
He's the funny one.
So remember that one.
Remember that one.
Let's get serious or not.
Okay.
So that one's going to come back to haunt you in a second.
Here's some more.
We make a great team.
I mean, I'm the boss, but still.
Okay.
All right.
Tony, let's do a couple more longer, longer.
Longer.
Remember kids are going to have to listen to this 500 times.
Can I give you one more note?
We do it again.
Can you trail off towards the end?
Yeah.
Can that lose energy kind of?
There's one that's not on here where he goes, you can tell that the kid like that's doing the voice.
You can tell that the director was like, I think, I think we're missing the, can you do it one more time?
I don't think we're getting the word assistant because, because the catchphrase, maybe you could be my new assistant.
And it's really weird.
All right.
There's more.
This has a payoff kind of.
I'm a genius.
Yeah.
He just said, how does everyone feel about me making an army of robots?
Whatever.
I mean, we feel great.
Like do it.
Like it's not a catchphrase.
Do you think villains know that they don't have a chance or do they just not get it?
This is like nails on a chalkboard.
I don't like it.
Okay.
I think this next one might be, let me, oh boy.
I'm taking a half day.
Yeah.
That one's fine.
That's short.
Let's get serious.
Okay.
So here we go.
So two of them, two of them start with let's get serious.
So you remember the first one starts with a middle, down the third baseline, let's get
serious or not.
You know, it's fine.
Is he growing up?
Is he growing through puberty?
No, no.
This one sounds like he's just clipping the mic and he's just enraged at first.
But now, listen, don't react like after let's get serious.
Listen to the tag on this one.
So it's a different, like why they would include two let's get serious ones, I don't know.
But this one is the worst.
This is the worst, like it's not the worst Avenger Academy catchphrase.
It's not the worst thing that, this is the worst thing ever.
And every, there's like a, there's like a one in 20 chance.
You hear this every time you tap on Tony Stark.
Okay.
So again, don't react after he says let's get serious.
Wait for it.
Wait for the amazing punchline.
Let's get serious is what people tell me all the time.
Is that a line from the movie?
No.
That's not a line from humanity.
That's not.
I have not seen the Iron Man films.
Are people constantly saying you're too serious or you should be more serious?
Like cool it is something people say to me, no one ever talks like that.
That's awful.
It's, and it's really long and it's like, it's just, it's terrible.
And maybe it lost something in the translation, but it's all I could do to play this game
for the last two weeks.
So it's not enough to scare you off playing it.
No, I'm addicted.
I love WASP selfies.
I love the, I, they're all there.
I'm leveling them up there.
You know, there's a, there's a little intrigue with director fury.
You know, he's like, you know, a black widow is like, you know, mistrustful of the Avengers
Academy.
So she's like, there's a whole, there's little plots and things, but really it's just, it's
just a farming game.
All right.
Well, so that's what I did today instead of writing a book.
If you, if, if, if, if you had a book deal, you'd play video games, right?
Dan?
Like as well, you're playing video games, you're, you're not sitting there going, fuck,
I want to kill myself.
I wish I had a book deal.
I trust me.
I apparently, if you had a book deal, you'd play video games.
Do you have a deadline?
Like a...
Yeah.
Yeah, I do.
Let's...
Oh yeah.
They're, they're, they're strict about that stuff in publishing.
Yes.
Hey, can you say how far off it is right now?
It's spring-ish.
Aren't we, aren't we currently in spring right now?
Yeah.
Spring 2016?
Let's get down to work on this book!
Or not.
Is something my agent's been telling me.
Wait, so you got a month or two left?
Jeff, stop.
I'm trying to...
You're...
It's just that we're, we're gonna come up with a name for this, like the, the blood
thirst that Jeff gets.
No, I'm not, this is not me trying to do a pecking party.
I'm saying, like, how, how, I, I, I, this is honest curiosity, this is not me trying
to...
It's, it's due soon, dude.
Okay.
I, I, how, are you, are you, are you clipping along?
Are you making...
No!
I'm not trying to...
I wrote, I wrote a really good introduction.
And I think I have a title and...
Is it, is it autobiographical?
Is it fiction?
Is it...
Young Adult Detective series?
What do you got?
Can you please write a Young Adult Detective series?
That'd be so fucking awesome.
Once this hits the New York Times bestseller list, I'll, I'll, people will come back to
me and go, what book would you like to write next?
I'll go, hmm, maybe a Re-envisioning of Encyclopedia Brown.
That would be Heaven on Earth.
Yeah.
Or maybe a Young Tony Stark for the guys.
Oh, this mystery is something I should really be saying to myself right now.
Uh...
It's just, it's just, it's just weird, right, Spencer?
It's, it's almost too upsetting a joke to even try and ape and make fun of, you know?
I'm kind of like not laughing at your making fun of it, that's how bad the original joke
is.
It's upsetting.
Uh, our next, our next guest...
Sometimes sadness can be its own segue.
Yeah, yeah, I don't...
Our next guest has appeared at clubs and colleges all over the, he's, he's certainly a, certainly
a, a close cousin of the Harmontown family, but I don't know if he's ever been on Harmontown
or not.
I can't remember.
I don't think he has.
Well, let's ask him.
Uh, certainly people that listen to this podcast...
I just believe that we don't remember that answer.
Probably know who he is.
I, uh, I recently called, uh, made a, you know, called him out, uh, on his middle initial
and demanded to see his birth certificate.
I don't, I don't know if he's, I don't know if he's brought it or not, but, uh, let's,
let's, let's, let's get to know Paul F. Tompkins, everybody.
Hi, hi, everybody, hi, internet, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi,
hi.
Hi, hi.
You received the one Dave Kline standing ovation?
That's right.
Uh, yeah.
Uh, so, all right.
A couple of things to get out of the way.
Yeah.
Let's get right down to it, Dan.
Well, I read, I don't know why I did this.
I, I did no idea why I did this, I read an AV club comment section, uh...
Oh no.
Under, underneath a episode of Great Mines, this thing that you're going to do an episode
on the, my thing on the History Channel, which has now been rebranded history, so that it's
confusing. Because history is a thing, it's the opposite of branding. All right.
So do you think people will look for the show just in history?
They're like, dig up old tests that they took, that their mom saved in a shoebox.
Was there anything about Dan Harmon's show in here?
I understand what they're doing because they're saying, well, channel, that's my grandpa's TV's name.
Because what's a channel, grandpa? But if you take the channel off of history, you have, like,
you have just a word, a very, very, very vague word.
And also a huge word that they're just laying claim to.
Yeah.
That's pretty bold.
Yeah. It'll never, it'll never trend. It's as dumb as naming your show.
It'll never trend.
Yeah. It's as stupid as naming your TV show community or something like that.
Like, hey, how come we're not trending?
Oh, because you fucking, they had to take that word along with Justin Bieber and the out of the fucking
trending algorithm.
It's true.
It's very true.
The history channel is...
Hi, Paul, I'm right behind you.
I'm sorry, I should have told you, Paul. Jeff's here.
The history channel is pretty light on history now.
There's a lot of UFO things and lots of weird conspiracy shit.
You're actually bringing it back.
Well, with the comedy.
I applaud that movement because we all love work, right?
But speaking of which, so I saw, you know, I don't know, I'm going to read no AV Club review,
let alone the comment section.
I'm thinking, but then someone linked the thing.
I don't know what it is.
If someone tweets a link and says, like, this show's great.
And then they tweet a link to the review.
I'll get tricked into thinking it's okay to read the review.
And then I'll scroll down.
I don't know why am I scrolling down?
What bad thing are they going to say about my stupid late night thing and the thing?
So a big thing was that I ripped off Dead Authors podcast.
Right.
So sorry about that.
Because somebody had said a similar thing to me, like, hey, isn't this the same idea?
And it's not really the same idea.
And also the idea for Dead Authors came from a Steve Allen show called Meeting of the Minds.
Which is what this show came from as well by Rich Corson, the daily show guy who created the show
and hired me to host this pilot that didn't get picked up by IFC and then handed over to the History Channel.
Essentially, people, anyone who was old enough to remember Meeting of the Minds with Steve Allen had in the back of their head,
I wish this show was entertaining.
Yeah.
And so eventually you grow up and you take power into your own hands.
It's a podcast, it's audio only.
Have you committed it to the lookies?
I mean, we would do, like the live shows we would do in costume.
Like we would do it, you know, in front of an audience, in costume, in character.
Alright, so I ripped it off then.
But it's not this, but I didn't come up with, I didn't come up with the Dead Authors concept.
I just came up with the idea of doing it as a podcast.
I got invited to do the show.
It was invented by a guy named John Corn in San Francisco who worked for 826 up there.
And the idea was they would get someone to pretend to be a Dead Author in costume
and they would like do a Q&A with people, with an audience.
And then I got asked to do it with Jen Kirkman and Eddie Pepitone for a show.
It was the first time I did it and I, for whatever reason, decided to be HG Wells.
And it was not decided beforehand how the show was going to go.
And so the idea was the three of us would just go out in front of this audience of indifferent people
and we would field questions from people who did not know what was going on and did not care.
So I said, how about I moderate it in character and the whole conceit came up right then.
It was like, let's say I transported you guys in my time machine which is real.
And so I'll ask questions to get it going and then hopefully the audience would join in.
Which they didn't except for one very drunk person at three in the afternoon at the West Hollywood Book Fair.
And that was it and then it was a lot of fun.
And I said, well this could easily be a regular show and that was it.
So that sounds like it is derivative of it.
I mean it sounds like it bumps enough that the people in that comment section weren't huge dicks by pointing it out.
When there's a dot there, they'll connect it.
Then they talked about my weight.
Then they just didn't stop until it was rubble, just charred rubble.
And I don't know, I don't understand, when did I start trying to convince people I was thin?
How many times do I have to parade around and go, look how fat and drunk I am?
Before the AV Club commenters stop trying to blow the fucking lid off of it like it's all the President's man or something.
Like it's not a secret, but it hurts when you say it.
It hurts when you say it.
Because here's my one secret that I'm sensitive about.
I'm a control freak.
I don't want you saying it.
I say it, I say it.
Me.
I don't like some fucking anonymous person sitting there in their basement in Washington State
and fucking looks like somebody's been hitting the Hongadas.
It's not fair.
It's not funny and it's not fair.
What show would you do?
I bet you'd rip off a podcast too.
What you're doing is talking about how fat people are.
Is that a podcast?
Is there someone hosting that?
Surely someone is.
There should be.
Who's fat this week?
Let's take a look.
There should just be a comment section podcast where it's just like, welcome to what just
happened.
You know, Caterpillar 69, I don't know.
I can't rip a name.
I just typed that in at random when I logged in.
So that just happened.
I'd rather die than watch that again.
They never tell you what they're commenting on, but they just... With me as always is
the person who's going to turn this into either race or right versus left.
It's very hard when you know those things are there and you read some of the links to
a thing that you've done.
It's very hard to have the self-control to not look at what people are saying.
Even knowing that right under there, there's a bunch of fucking people talking about it
and they're weighing in on what they think.
It's so difficult.
The only good thing was when community was running at its peak, if there was a bad review
of a show, it was like, this episode wasn't that great.
Then I'd go straight to the comment section.
I was like, have Adam, boys.
Pick that skeleton clean.
There's something new to fucking eat up right above you.
I said to Spencer on the way home, I was like, I did it the 800th time of 43 years old.
I've learned this lesson over and over again.
I don't know why I went there.
The only thing you could say was it's just like picking a piece of glass up off the floor
and just stabbing yourself in the face.
I was in a really good mood.
I went there because you really have to run the thought experiment of seriously, really
seriously run the thought experiment of what happens the day that you click on the AV Club
review and it says, well, whatever the review says, it's just a repeat of the press release.
But then the top comment says like, Harmon's never looked better.
I think this idea is very original.
I think he's on top of his game as ever.
Kudos to him.
Hats off to him.
Very funny, very young looking, very thin, very sober.
I salute you, sir.
And then every comment for a thousand comments was, couldn't agree more.
Ditto.
I second that.
Here, here.
The eyes have it.
You would like scroll through that and then you'd go, well, I don't have to go there
ever again.
That, well, I don't know why I'm saying the editorial, you.
I would scroll through and go, but that's not a real thing.
Wouldn't a part of like yourself loathing, wouldn't, I mean, obviously it's this hypothetical
thing, wouldn't you just automatically distrust all of that unanimous praise?
Wouldn't you like find a way to.
That's what I just said.
Okay.
How dare you criticize me or agree with me.
Dan, you've never looked better.
I could blow him up for the rest of the night.
That guy's on the hook.
He drank the Kool-Aid.
I mean, that's terrible, right?
You know, I always get mad when people tweet, they tweet at me and they go, by the way,
we'll ask you some questions later.
Are they about you?
Bingo.
I'll try to involve you in this.
As best you can.
Have people ever tweeted you and said, hey, either positively or negatively, but with
the handle on it, of like, hey, I know you don't like it when people are positive, but.
No.
I have not gotten that specific.
That's like a methodology I've fostered.
People will go like.
You don't like it when people are positive.
There's two categories of that.
People will go, hey, I know you don't respond to people being nice, so fuck off and your
show's awful.
And I'm like, okay, I get it.
We've run that through the periscope and the mirror's bouncing.
You're saying good show.
Fuck off.
Actually, the person that annoys me a little bit more is the sweet, nice person who's saying,
hey, I just want to let you know, I really like Rick and Morty, but I know you don't
care about people who like your stuff, but I thought I'd tell you anyway.
And I always take back those people, fuck you.
That's fair.
But you interact with people a lot online, right?
So they know.
But I mean, the thing is, because I don't respond to a ton of people and I don't really
I don't really, I don't like respond to any, certainly not anything negative unless I am
a thousand percent sure that I am, it doesn't bother me.
Do you know what I mean?
Like I can make a joke out of it and I can quote the thing that they said and make a
joke out of it.
If I just think, oh, this is dumb and it doesn't actually hurt my feelings.
I just saw the hateful eight last night.
You're, Tim Roth's character says, if you're, if you're, if you're, when you're hanging
somebody, if it's, if there's an ounce of passion to it, you maybe shouldn't be hanging
them.
So when you're responding to a tweet, you're, I think that's what you're saying is like,
you run it through a filter of like, am I, is there anything happening here where I'm
just not like kind of like, you know, a good professional like dealer or pit boss at the
Tompkins casino, just, just doing my job, entertaining, like, like, like making sure everybody's
like being dealt with fairly.
Obviously what it is, if, if it makes me laugh, if it's like someone's trying to say a mean
thing, but it just makes me laugh.
I'm like, oh, this is great.
And then I will tweet that out.
But I, so I don't, I don't respond a lot because it's like, where does, to me it's like, where
does it end?
You know,
You may have someone insults you and it's funny.
You'll retweet it.
Is that what you're saying?
If they're trying to,
If it's so absurd that it doesn't, it doesn't hurt his feet.
Yes.
If the intent was to hurt my feelings, but it failed.
Yeah.
But, but if you, if you felt any wound or any passion in it or any like, I gotta, I gotta
settle the score.
You, you, you leave,
I will not give it attention.
You leave that one alone.
Yes.
That's very wise.
It's very smart.
As a result, I think because you do interact with people so much, there are people that
just want your attention in some way or another.
Right.
And so, and I've seen this happen with other people where I've seen like somebody right,
like to, uh, I forget who it was, but they wrote a bunch of positive things, didn't get
a response, and then wrote a negative thing just to get a response from this person.
And then they said, this is why I did this.
Yeah.
And that has to be a huge, I'm sure you know this, that, that has to be a giant part of
people poking you is because they know that you might, you might fire back at them.
Right.
But, but what I've, what I find over and over and over again is that there's, that, that
eventually they will, they will unfollow me and block me because they don't want just
attention.
It's like, and I'm obsessed with, I was obsessed with that, like going, going like, so that's
the game we're playing.
Like you just want my attention because then they go through all the phases where they're
like, what kind of loser are you paying attention to me?
And then it's like three days later, they're like, leave me alone.
And I'm like, are we, are we, what are we done?
I want to talk to you.
You got Dan Harmon on the line once you, what's, what's going on?
How's your mom?
How's your blog?
Uh, but anyways, the, the, I would say that people like, like absolutely, of course all
this is true, but when, when, when you, when you send a positive tweet to somebody, uh,
you know, no news is good news.
Like, like, like, you know,
Well, you, you, you pays your money and he takes your chances.
You know what I mean?
Like you, you write a thing out there.
The idea is that you write a thing because this is genuinely how you feel.
Right.
It's not supposed to be about, you know, what you, of course you hope that someone will
respond.
I've written positive things to people that I admired, you know, after like hearing an
album or watching a TV show or whatever.
No response.
And it's like, Oh, it would have been nice if the person said something, but I didn't
feel like I was owed that.
Tell us who it was.
Mariah Carey, Mariah Carey.
When she split up with Tommy Matola, I was so proud of her and I was like, I wish someone
would have been Twitter so I could tell her all about it.
I'm not good on the timeline with when Mariah Carey left Tommy Matola.
I can't remember.
Twitter was in her lives at that point.
Why is his mic so loud?
Are you an auctioneer?
Yeah.
I am.
I'm like a slow roll auctioneer.
Paul, I don't do the fast.
Paul, what is the next item up for auction?
What is the next item up for bid?
It is a pair of jackalope antlers.
This whimsical gift can be found all over the Tex-Mex areas of the country.
What's our starting price?
$1.
Do you have a yop?
Is that my, is that my, is that my imagination?
Because I think he just got such a strange theater voice.
I'm also yelling.
Is that, no, it told me not to yell.
So I've been yelling the whole time.
I've never trusted these things.
Dan, Dan, what percentage of your replies to people, do you ever reply to positive stuff?
Do you go, hey, thank you.
Nice to hear from you.
Absolutely.
Okay.
So does that even out?
Is it 55?
I mean, in the fucking 38 years I've been on Twitter, whatever it's been, I've gone through
different phases where, because that stuff got to me where I'd make sure I'd actually
count and I'd go, okay, 50%, like, just to shove it up the ass of the people I hate.
I'm like, thank you, Nancy.
Very nice to be said, blah, blah, blah.
Fucking asshole on that guy back there.
You know, like it's still worshiping at the altar of hatred.
Hey, Paul.
Yeah.
How many suits made?
I don't have a lot of suits made for myself.
I buy a lot of stuff off the rack.
You do.
I've had my wedding suit made for me by Mr. Lee of Fairfax Avenue.
Yeah.
Very grumpy.
Taylor, who did a wonderful job making my suit.
Taylor's should be grumpy in my experience.
Is it true that Mr. Lee was killed by the triads for sharing his suitmaking secrets?
That's the story they'd like you to believe.
Now your mic is way too quiet.
Because he's not yelling.
I thought we were getting quiet, talking about the triads.
It's called modulation, dad.
He's got dynamism.
He's got levels.
Are you hearing me exclusively through the system?
I don't know what it is.
No.
Because we're sitting a foot from each other.
When I listen to Jeff, like, I actually, it sounds, I mean, it's just, we're amplified.
I don't know why it's taken me 200 shows to figure this out.
Why is this guy so loud?
What's that stick he's holding?
Why doesn't he lick his ice cream cone?
Who eats black ice cream?
Who's ice cream matches their cone?
I bet that's a problem for someone.
I bet there's people that can't eat ice cream in a cone because they would like the ice
cream to be the same color as the cone.
And so they're stuck with, like, coffee.
Yeah.
You could maybe some butter pecan, maybe it would be a close, right?
You're talking about monochromophiliacs.
Yeah.
I bet that's the case.
I bet those people...
Let's make the rest of the show about that.
All right.
I dare us.
I mean, is it, do you think it applies specifically to food?
It's just food.
I need all my food to be the same color, or I can't eat.
The fictional people?
Yeah.
What's that?
It's sexual.
It's sexual?
All right.
The perfect chiming.
That works for every day.
He says that every five minutes regardless of the topic.
Yesterday, we were like, we do the show every day, we're like, what's the real deal between
the Hillary supporters and the Bernie supporters?
It's sexual, which is what got Gloria Steinem in all kinds of trouble.
Right.
But even a broken clock is right twice a day.
I don't know.
I guess when in doubt, make the offended sound, is that what we meant?
They were like, hey, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Wait a minute, Paul.
Yes, yes, yes.
Paul.
Yes.
You had one suit.
I'm assuming you still have it and you haven't had it destroyed.
It's a fantastic suit.
I never wear a suit more than once.
That is eccentric.
And I love that.
You have a suit that is exactly the mayor from JAWS's suit with the anchors on it.
That suit I had made as well.
Of course.
You didn't get that off the rack.
That was made by Cebo.
Not far from here, a few doors down from the improv.
This guy, Cebo, makes, he was recommended to me by Dana Gould, very funny comedian.
I love Dana Gould.
And I had wanted, since I was a child, the blazer that the mayor wears in JAWS is covered
with anchors.
It's like a powder blue kind of thing.
It's beautiful.
It's triumphant.
It is triumphant.
It is a sartorial triumph.
And so I searched everywhere for it to not find it.
No, Larry King, Larry Storch, Larry Gilmore, big point.
Shit.
Damn it.
Sensitive, brother.
No, the character's name is Larry.
Larry Vaughn.
All right.
No, we'll look it up.
Sorry.
Murray Hamilton.
Okay.
Now you're yelling.
It's sexual.
Okay.
See?
That didn't even apply.
So I searched high and low for this jacket.
Oh, tell him.
He's the one that cares about your suit.
That's true.
So I searched high and low.
There's two different podcasts going on here.
I couldn't find the jacket itself, but then I talked about it on another podcast.
And someone sent me a link to the material, and they said, here's where you can find
this material.
They have the material laying about?
They have the material laying about.
And it's close enough.
Close enough.
And so I get a few yards of this fabric, and I take it to the Maestro, Sibo.
And he's very excited.
He likes making unusual stuff.
So he was very excited.
And it was perfect.
It was like I had enough material to make not just the jacket, but entire suit, entire
three-piece suit.
You made the vest too?
Yeah.
Fantastic.
All right.
I'm going to go back to my podium, Paul.
Great talking to you.
Jeff, always a pleasure.
That was a taste of Jeff's new Feral Audio podcast.
Jeff Onman.
Suits.
Meets.
I listened for it.
It's sexual.
How long have you been married?
I've been married.
It will be six years this month.
Wow.
Okay.
Was that allowed?
Did they turn my mic up?
It'll be six years this month.
I'm sorry.
Paul, we didn't get that.
Can we do it again?
I will be married this month.
I'm sorry.
Paul, we didn't get that.
Can we do it again?
I will be married this month.
I'm sorry.
We didn't get that.
We didn't.
It took, it took.
It took.
So far so good.
What's your secret, Paul?
What's you and your wife's secret?
We don't spend a lot of time together.
We have separate residences.
I've never actually gotten married.
And we're not married.
And it's great.
she's a mirror I get dressed up as a parakeet and just just pack her I put
lipstick on here so I know it's not me it's not another me I don't think that
six years is long enough to say I here's the secret to marriage it is now
it's getting pretty close I mean well it's like I but I I think that we're
going to go the distance but you don't know you know you don't know and you
just try as hard as you can that's all I know so far those were your vows which
I thought were so romantic who knows what's gonna happen
I mean we might look back on this two months from now and be like what the
fuck catches catch can that's how my vows started any port in the storm I don't
want to be alone how long were you guys together before you were married Jeff
I'm gonna say we were together for five years before we got married for holy
smoke wow we'll see there's a good secret right there it's like it's like
there's something to do with ratio like a sailboat actually you know there's more
sailboat going on underneath the water ooh it's sexual you're lead up you know
yeah which is not to say anybody who's listening oh you know you dated for three
months and you love each other get married I'm just saying like like people
who Schrab I officiated his wedding he'd been living with Kate for seven years
they say they I mean give me a break they're not they're not gonna like come
home from from the wedding and be like you chew your cereal like I know I know
you why don't you chew your cereal you're gonna choke to death I am sick of
giving you the Heimlich every morning because it dilutes the taste to chew it
and yet ironically the generation's preceding us as the sort of a version
to living in sin increases so does it seems the longevity of the marriage
right Schrab's parents were probably who probably I'm gonna guess I don't want to
get invasive here probably didn't bone till our wedding night I don't know they
they married right out of high school they were here on the show they were
boning baby they're they've been married 50 years and it's like oh my god the
it's sexual who knows I don't know where's this going I mean that's the
thing is that no there's no I don't think there's any I don't think there are
any guarantees and I don't think anyone people are individuals and they and they
have their own methods of doing things and anyone who has something successful
whether it's a career whether it's a marriage whatever they assume that their
way is the only way because results speak for themselves but that advice might
not apply to other individuals it's like you just can't live your life by other
people's example what if we all applied the Jim Belushi method of becoming as
famous as Jim Belushi where we made our brothers become famous listen you're
gonna help me out here I need you to become famous then get out of the way
if you know what I mean everyone misses you they're like he kind of looks like
him you know what Paul easy target come on
but what's that I don't I don't know anything about because I don't talk
about anything but myself the what what is your wife what is she is she a
spaceman is she no she's an assassin sent to kill you but she thought better
when she she's like turn around and you did and she's like whoa was it like
willow accidental love potion I don't remember a lot about willow but willow
who was willow and willow which character willow was what's his fuss warwick
warwick Davis thank you it's sexual I ended up waving at this person but yeah
Val Kilmer and who is Matt Mardigan was that Val Kilmer that's Val Kilmer okay
and I know that Rick Overton was in that movie was he really yeah Rick Overton
Kevin Pollock were two brownies they were like little tiny guys I love Rick
Overton right yeah thank you French French brownies French brownie you're
kind of doing a French thing right fun I gotta check this movie out again aren't
French brownies souffle is or something like a Claire they don't call brownies
in France is she a civilian your wife is she's an actress is she Nicole Kidman
she is not Nicole Kidman you have three guesses like I'm gonna I'm gonna guess
based on actual like like good matches for you is your wife Paul Rudd that
would be great very close Paula Rudd Rudd Smith all right she's an actor we
won't drag her into this her name is Janie she is an actress she is from
South Carolina we met in 2003 through mutual friends who are the mutual friends
the mutual friends are Paul Rudd Nicole Kidman and Paula Rudd interestingly we
both sort of knew Paul Rudd independently of each other and my wife
spent her I want to say 30th birthday at the disgusting karaoke bar primetime
here in Los Angeles with Paul Rudd huh and some other people she was she was
working at I believe she's working M bar at the time as a waitress she was
working as a waitress in a cocktail bar when I met her do you meet her doing she
what he literally was did you M bar then so did you per chance meet her doing
Beth Lapidus a show no I did not I did not set foot into M bar I think until
after we had started dating already oh so I met her at a different bar okay and
I was I was leaving as she was arriving we overlap briefly and we met then Paul
what year did you I'm right behind you where did you move to LA from Philadelphia
Pennsylvania what year did you come here 1994 now I remember seeing you in a very
early days stand-up show at the Onyx cafe on Vermont which is no longer there
yes and it was really early days and I'd never heard seen you before also it's
the first time I ever saw Sarah Silverman sure I think it might have been
tenacious D's first show they ever did was there I think their first show was
at Al's bar a really I talked to Jack about this and he goes that might have
been our first or second show but he wasn't sure second all right but I got
to say I remember two things about you I remember okay this guy's really funny
and I liked your style and you had a great vocabulary and a great command of
the English language but also your suit rumbled you had a rumbled suit and then
I was like that's the guy with the rumble suit but now you've come you've
become this like exquisitely dressed gentleman and I love that about you I
think I just could not afford to have things not rumbled in those days I think
I think that was like all of us back there yeah see what I first saw you
suit smooth as silk I thought could you it could be a little funnier so I don't
know if that was still true I thought I didn't
vert the dichotomy I guess this is what I was doing are you still are you still
doing that speakeasy show no I resigned from that I did it for a while and it
was I enjoyed doing it for I was an interview series and I interviewed Dan
on it and we had a lovely chat but it's still available you can still find it on
YouTube but I did it for a while and then it just became another thing to
schedule in my life and that the returns were diminishing it was because we would
shoot them four at a time yeah and so like the first couple interviews like
this is fun this is great then Marc Maron came and you walked away from that
one you're like what am I doing I did it so long after Marc Maron believe it or
not for like maximum self destructiveness it was fun for a while but
then I eventually it was I had other things going on and it was like it just
wasn't stopping fun yeah stopping fun you will find when you come and do this
show for the for history for the history flux that I am approaching that event
horizon burnout I may be a husk of a man when you have you shot so far I've
lost count which is good something like 9 or 9 or 10 they've all been great over
there oh yeah Spencer have you been here this whole time yeah I didn't have
anything to chime in until just right there about 9 you know that's what I
got Spencer are you enjoying being an actor on the show you it's it's weird I
mean the hard part about acting as best I could tell is memorizing and reciting
lines and we kind of do it all improv-y style so it's just like whatever you
think of to say just say it and you know it's a lot easier when you're not
trying to hit lines yeah and by the way I know it gets frustrating when I come
in and I go this script is done we'll throw it out we're gonna improvise the
stuff but then when you you did a whole scene he did like what an hour and a half
two hours of straight improv with Nick Kroll just two so it's like like it was
Kroll I'm not spoiling anything Kroll plays Sigmund Freud and he he psycho
analyzed Spencer for two hours it was all one take and Spencer just just
answered honestly the perfect actor like you do you're acting perfectly and
then and then and then and then Steve Levy came in and played himself and he
did it perfectly too but we're not gonna do two-hour takes right no no no are we
allowed to are we allowed to know who Paul's going to portray yeah well I yeah
unless you have some reason to not I'm cool with this I'm cool with it being
out there I like teasing it I believe you're gonna play Edgar Allen Poe that's
correct yeah
got a pro fans who has who has figured into my life in a weird way because the the place
where my wife grew up on Sullivan's Island South Carolina there's a lot of
post of there because he spent as Edgar Allen Poe seemingly did all over the
fucking place he spent a good amount of his life there and his story the
Goldbug is inspired by Goldbug Island there in South Carolina what happens
in the Goldbug I have no idea I remember the Goldbug from the Richard
scary novels who's a children's author and no it's scary or scary I never knew
how to pronounce his name oh I always said because he's got the two R's oh is
this another day that it's team bears either way it's terrifying either way
it's it's terrifying there's a kids show and they said scary so I think yeah
it's scary oh you're gonna trust LeVar Burton yeah how's that working out for
you remember that's probably why I got divorced LeVar and he'll fire back no
that's why I didn't come because I knew you weren't gonna stay married it's gonna
go back and forth it's gonna be a whole thing me and LeVar Burton and then it's
like you have to go back through the tweets to see where it started who was
the first one yeah and it's like it all starts with him going like hey I know
you don't respond to positive shit so fuck off do you have children no yeah
that's something that sounds like you don't want to know I don't think we do
yeah I don't think we do not looking for no here's something I get children too
many of them there's plenty to go around they could be as offended as they
want of that children themselves would be offended children well who would be
like two people who had kids and oh yes they're listening with you would be
like hey we had kids like well yeah more food for him some of somebody's
gonna stop the hardest part of being a parent is going to where the child food
is kept and there's like all these other children and it's like how are we gonna
get in there because they're just like kids are like spin over the trough and
they're just like and then a kid falls in red light goes on everyone out we got
an Augustus Gloop situation here
do you want to be a dad I I I I I I I I'm so old now anyway like like who care
you know like I don't know I used to think like the second half of a full
life would you know involve having kids and but but like I'm I'm I'm now post
divorce I'm like sort of I I figure I I made mistakes that affected other
people's lives by making assumptions about what I was supposed to do what I
wanted to do it's sexual but and so I'm just sort of in this clean slate kind
of mode where I'm fetishizing uncertainty my therapist told me don't be
certain about anything Dan Harmon oh it's very formal yeah because she said I
in particular have a problem with certainty well who doesn't I mean I sure
lack homes like you it's just a good man you fucking nailed it look I asked an
answer moving on mr. Rourke night the car a night writer kid I want I am on the
verge of the rewatching fantasy island I don't know what we're gonna remake that
show I think that which they do you remember when they remitted with what's
his name with Malcolm McDowell no they did it for yeah there was a brief I
mean not not Malcolm McDowell I don't care you're fine there was a brief weird
remake with I don't I mean like cuz it's I just Chris McKenna and I I was
talking about fantasy island because I it's like there was this show kids it
was a it was it was it was prime time it was it was it was as well regarded as
oranges the new black it was like it was we didn't have we didn't we hadn't
splintered our audience into a million pieces back that it was like the I feel
that is a tad misleading I mean what at the water cooler just going did you see
it last night yes I did they talked about it but I would not say it was held
in the same regard as this I felt that fantasy island dealt with queer issues
pretty much the same way yeah you guys are talking about content and
specificity of that stuff I'm talking about culturally back then there were
three networks the Incredible Hulk series won the Emmy for best dramatic series
pretty dramatic show fairness the winner of the best best female lead in a
dramatic series was the bionic woman this before they changed the name of the
category what wait what is it I think it's best actress that's sexist it used
to be best best female lead
the anyways fantasy island was a show where a sea plane would land and a guy
going from the very beginning yeah they don't know a guy in a white suit would
come out because first what would happen is it is a little person would go to
plane to plane boss to plane and then the sea plane would land and this title
sequence from fantasy island fantasy island is his resort where all your
fantasies come true now here you're gonna have a million questions in a
socket because a sea plane would land and three guest stars would get off and
same as the love boat except on the love jacklyn beset would get off and and
robert wagner robert wagner and and urn is broken in and and and and tattoo
would go who's that boss and mr. Rourke would say tattoo that is William
salkind he wishes he could be a concert pianist there's three people getting off
the plane but the resort was and then so what what happened to mr. salkind is
he would end up being a concert pianist but he would also find out he didn't
really want to be right yeah everyone would learn a lesson it was like they
should have called a fucking oh henry island they should they should have
called the better business bureau because but they were everyone was
satisfied at the end I but at the end they were all like hey guess what mr.
Rourke you pulled a fast one but I gotta admit you may realize I didn't want to
be a concert pianist after all yeah so I'm not thinking about it then during the
credits which you wouldn't see the mr. record pull up each aside and go thank
you so much if you would be so kind as to tell no one about what goes on then
no one will ever come here because no you may all be leaving and thinking oh
thank you so much for showing me that my fantasy about being a gentleman in the
1800s led to my misogyny and I had to solve it and all the shit but but no
one's gonna come here for that right no one's coming to learn a lesson no one
got their fantasy everyone got it right up nobody ever got what they wanted ever
they got what they wanted and then some like they all walked away going huh I
shouldn't have wanted that nobody said which is not what you get from Cheetos
yes it is then there were things like there would be a thing like a like some
little nerdy dude was like I want to be a big he-man or whatever I want to be like
a cool guy and then he would discover that the coolness was within him the
whole time right which means that yeah he had to clean the pool it's like when's
my fantasy gonna start don't you understand when that guy picked on you
you stood up to him what the fuck I gave you like five million dollars they
never got into how much it had to cost to have your fantasy here's the other
thing it had to be expensive it had to be so every establishing actors they're
putting people in alien costumes prohibitively expensive Paul costumes
mr. Rourke was magical well now hold on a second hold on a second in later
seasons it was revealed that mr. Rourke had mysterious supernatural powers and
we learned this when he had to do battle with the devil portrayed by portrayed
by who's your number one pick to play Satan well Ricardo Montalbata in a
split screen but that would be great I actually would have made a lot more
sense but if you can't do that let's say Ricardo he's got terrible back pain
it's all you can do this is actually true it's all you can do to shoot like
just mr. Rourke's parts of course you go out to Roddy McDowell Roddy McDowell
played Satan well that's good okay so you're you you're you know more about
Fantasy Island than I do you're saying there I know good there was a casino
Royale era of Fantasy Island that was pre super supernatural I think where they
didn't yeah they did not acknowledge that he had powers it was just like all I
remember is like two women that wanted to wanted to experience adventure or
something and they woke up at dinosaur times and there were cavemen trying to
like you know what you ravish them whatever the whatever the 80s term for
it is and then mr. Rourke came out of the woods going oh but he was like
prosthetically done up like a caveman and then he ripped off his mask but he
was a he was mr. Rourke but it was like they were there were dinosaurs I
remember anyways my question is this when they would show so they would cut
their interstitials they would they would they would go like oh that
person's fantasy is going on he's a concert pianist and that woman's in
dinosaur times mr. Rourke and tattoo it be walking or somebody be walking
like what an island and in the background there's all these
people that aren't working there they're customers too they didn't get off the
sea plane what package did they get like and how much of their fantasies are
happening are they just getting anal beads like like like they don't get
they don't get greeted by mr. Rourke that's like Captain Steuben's table maybe
they got up maybe there's flights happening all day long we just get to see
one or two you know like a week you know well tattoo does say Duplain
he doesn't say one of Duplain yeah yeah another plane boss the 815 the 815 why
is why is the briefing happening as the people are getting off the plane was
like this one boss is like oh I guess I should have told you this why does
tattoo have to know I put a folder in your room every morning I I don't even
know I go through the trouble of boss trying to put these dots what about my
fantasy tattoo illiteracy does not count as a fantasy you're just being lazy
but my fantasy is you learn to read there was an episode where tattoo had to be a
spaceman he had to be a little Martian and he had to put on green makeup and a
bald cap and everything so it's it's it's very unclear as to how this whole
operation works and I think that in the in the earlier before you know Satan
shows up they they tried to I think the idea was it was just mysterious like how
do you do this he's like I wouldn't you like to know and that was it's 9-11 it's
9-11 yes it's Duplain all right Paul well what's happening Paul we we at
Harmontown cheer when it's 9-11 on the clock it's it's a it's a rich history
I'm glad to see that people never forget to do that even a broken clock it's 9-11
twice a day a broken clock remembers twice but five years from now when
when McKenna and I do that because we want to write this pilot and it's just
this is not gold bullion idea either but and I'm sure you've come up with it as
well but like the ultimate workplace comedy is just like what yeah you work
in Fantasy Island that's like yeah yeah this is like you're the house stealer
they were clean the room and it's like what the fucking lizard skin and it's
like what's going on you know it's like like some people getting drawn in and
it's like like like you have to put on this wizard costume and what is that
contract like like you must sign there's got to be so many things you're just
signing away like look you a vampire might attack you yeah and I'm sorry but
you either want to work here you don't I bet you find out if you talk to a
worker at Fantasy Island long enough I bet you find out that they're like there
there's like a tiny like dot like like right under their hairline and and like
there's some weird microsurgery that's happened where they're like they've been
lobotomized I bet you're right or or it's magic and they just forget when they
fly out of the fog of Fantasy Island but why does if when the supernatural thing
can you imagine the Fantasy Island writers room because because because the
you know the showrunner was like guys guys guys we've been over this the minute
we jump that shark people are gonna ask why does Mr. Rourke need money like why
is he why is he running a business I think if you ask if you if you like
created a fantasy I'm right now and you said okay I'm hiring but it's it's do
does anybody want to live on an island and role play all day long I like we've
been to the Renaissance fair I think you could find people I bet there's ten
people here who want to do that it's it's high stakes larping man people will
be all all over that shit oh you got to be a concert piano teacher I I used to be
a concert they would love it they'd freak out you gotta play an alien you
gotta you got to get killed by a vampire be the best that'd be a great like kind
of a murder mystery kind of evening where there was no you're just like one
person has to be the pianist but I don't know I guess it just stops there
there's like someone's just at the piano start just imagining I mean that
point the show I'm so drunk it's not that's the only only the first 40 minutes
of the show is usable like just like a like a like a role-playing event where
you show up and you get a card but it says like oh I'm the I'm the piano player
but like you just so that the good dead keep going I we're gonna support you
all the way through this I don't know what my point is you know I always want
to Aaron my ex-wife used to we used to have like she would have like these
themed birthday parties like her parties like like we would try to get
everybody together and try to like create our own things like that or she
actually ordered some online and stuff like I would get really into those
things there was one she did that was so complicated I still don't know what
was happening get to break up in the groups do a painting remember that one
where there was all there a jail in that one you get sent to jail I there was a
Dan and Aaron shot a video a video I did throw don't yeah I tell you this is
not me talking trash I I was paying attention I don't know what was going
on at all and we were looking around like I don't did anybody catch that like
we were freaking out like you because you didn't catch what the rules were or
what the the gameplay was complicated I did is my recollection there was a
lot happening there was arts and crafts and there was I think a murder and then
some people go to Guantanamo Bay for a while like it was a space station the
party was a space station and you you you were notified a couple weeks in
advance like what species of alien you represented so they were like that was
the cool part it was like I like that there are people that were like oh we're
the garbage people and so they were like like like people made clothes on a
garbage and blah blah blah you know you were one of a several different
species and all stuff and but you know there were extra rules and stuff and
whatever we have our own problems let's not you know if the what's the best case
scenario of proving that Erin McGathy's birthday party was shitty are you
asking me no I know okay I'm not I'm not prepared to answer that
it was sure there were too many rules too many power crystals and things oh
yeah there was marbles and crystals they had to find people were drunk and
so they were just like what's going on I don't know yeah and then you just wonder
I hid in the basement there with that was the prison yeah but you hid well you
know I mean I wasn't hiding cuz if you did something wrong you had to go to the
prison anyways I just stayed in the prison yeah I'm the earlier I think the
year before that there was the murder mystery that the 20s gangster thing and
I got killed like right off the bat and so I just I got I died upstairs in a
room that nobody came in for like an hour and a half so I'm like I'm gonna lay
face down for as long as it takes and I like I was underneath the coffee table in
a way that there was no way you could possibly landed there like I'm like
you couldn't have landed like that was that just to make a better picture just
make it like people go cheese that guy died and it was complicated we don't we
don't know what happened but then I'm like okay now I'm face down and I'm just
I'm in a pile of dog hair for ever for the rest of my life and then it became
like a challenge like I'm not gonna find that I'm not gonna I'm gonna stay here
forever I long was it before people discovered you and maybe 40 minutes
oh god that's too long it felt like an hour and a half so it's a murder mystery
where they don't discover the murder well people kept dying all over the place
I was nearly I think I was one of the people that died but I died right off
the bat somebody came up and hand me a card you're dead and you're not allowed
to say anything you're supposed to be dead on the spot right so I was like okay
so I laid on the ground then I realized nobody was looking for me I was up I
was in the attic what were you doing up there I was supposed to go up there for
some reason it was I was I was on a mission to go to talk to somebody or do
a thing and it turns out I was on a mission for murder right but I want to
I want to do a good one of the you know like I went that would be fun like doing
doing like you know getting into it I love it I wanted to I was like walking
around I was like you need to get off my beeswax mr. like I was like I wanted to
be a 20s guy all right let's let's bring guys right now I am probably a
quintillionaire on my on your lemonade stand my iPad so I don't care do you
want to try a little murder mr. could we could we could we do one here is that
take too much planning oh oh how much planning all right let's bring out to
Morage Brown and what's that what's the what's the quick way to do this
okay that's I think this is more Spencer's Bailey Whick than anybody's
like he's the oh Spencer's just gonna reject the whole thing oh yeah big time
it was gonna that was gonna go one of two ways I'll tell I'm gonna I'm just
gonna try I'm gonna improvise like the information you'd get on like a murder
mystery night card okay to Morage have you been I've been quite fine thank you
I the lesson I saw you was on dead authors I think so although I saw you in
bajillion dollar properties oh that's great that's great it's on CISO
Paul Hopkins plays the patriarch of a realty company to Morage yeah you did
one right one or more yeah yeah I'm the first one yeah when they go to Adam
Scott's house I'm the I did a bit on one to I'm sad I didn't get to do it with
either of you two during minor was on all right let me tell you more just
character all right you talk about Spencer for a second Spencer how's it
going thanks for doing Harmon quest what is it absolutely my pleasure I had a
great time yeah I can't wait to see the other finish but when do they start
rolling those out oh you know we had an air date and then they pushed it and so
now I felt and and then we didn't say that air date so now I feel even more
loathe to say the air date but it should be June something of this year of this
year unless it gets pushed again yeah it was gonna come out earlier but then
they rolled it out they're like it's gonna be the binge model I can't talk to
you anymore it's fine so tomorrow morning you talk to Jeff yes sir
DeMorge our arsenal about eight ten points back right now in the British
Premier League yeah yeah the big story that everybody's talking about except you
guys are that uh first place in England right now the Leicester foxes yeah which
is like the bad news bears winning the World Series they were the worst team
last year and every week people have said one day these guys are gonna lose
and it'll be an admirable cause and they look like a well-oiled machine they
just keep going all right that's enough soccer yeah Paul you and DeMorge the
ones you guys catch up well we started to and then we were interrupted by the
host of the show DeMorge these elbow I want to talk about your elbow patches
sweater what material are these elbow patches because from here they look like
carbon fiber are they carbon fiber they are they act as brake pads last time I
have to slide head first into situations and fix shit and the only way to stop is
these are elbow pads they're brake pads for a sex machine you can shout out to
the people I gotta thank the people from Bendix for these Bendix it's good and
then they are loaded with asbestos so you're all gonna you look like the guy
that I would hire if I needed to have somebody assassinated aboard a old
whaling vessel
just enough people work you wouldn't get to know everyone
there would be some strange on the way we have to leave shadows when there's a
big way welling vessels that there was maybe 200 300 people aboard those
those larger ships yeah I read Moby Dick you ever eat Moby Dick Paul I've not
read Moby Dick but I read in the heart of the sea the book that was about the
the the trip that inspired Moby Dick right yeah much better book than a movie
yeah if you saw that oh my word it's the storm is giving me such a fry I say
the weather is a bit drinks right now isn't it Scottish you know I'm not
Scottish I'm English but I've been all over the United Kingdom what hey come on
you guys where there's a bit rough is it I'm sorry was I going on wasn't that
your way to sneak into a room and take anything you want oh no well fucker you I
haven't had the pleasure of your acquaintance seems a bit warm language
first for a new acquaintance that's fine excuse me sorry I didn't expect things
I didn't see you now who is this gentleman I am the butler mr. hosterson mr. hostess
and I object to the language I was being treated with by this gentleman over
here now now you all have complicated backstories that overlap with each other
in intricate ways yes for instance I'm an explorer you can see how that weaves
into your complex stories ah an explorer than we should have a lot to talk
about I should say yeah you should all you'll be
thanked for coming here through such a terrible weather this being the front room of the of
the antechamber there are six antechambers each with a front room but
let's skip all that and please come into the drawing room oh what a lovely draw I'll
take your coats starting with you sir not starting with a lady the very idea
mr. hostess and start with a lady I'm very glad that there's a man between you
and that animal rascal bastard all of this masculine energies has given me the
vapors I'm quite sorry madam I'll take your coat I don't believe we've been
introduced my name is madam Beauregard I am a lady of the south well that's a
very well-developed character thank you thank you you know my gender and a
region I come from you know it's still but done on the fly I mean that's our
way I'm British um you and your coat sir yes it may be very careful with this
it's green felt oh what why is that well they give you one when you reach a
certain level of the academic institutions I've come from they give you
one to put you you get into the faculty room and get the mustard sandwiches all
by yourself with coasts to cut the crust off the sandwich
I see what is this character even you sound to be a man of academia I am I
focus on economics in Schumpeter specifically until I became a single man
and then I focused on specifically the economics of the bachelor I think
that's the plot of community what would say what what's your name but munch
professor but munch if I may professor what are the the economics of the
bachelor is it things like eating the peanut butter directly out of the jaw
so as to save money on washing dishes it goes further than that you have to
understand if the peanut butter is crunchy directly out of the jaw simply
will not do oh I forgot I should get the door
Marissa I forgot this should be a murder victim Marissa come in sit in the chair
there this is a lady lady Florentine of the of the flooring performance if you
want to say anything you'll get killed in a minute thanks for having me get to be
here and your coat sir thank you I'm Colonel ass master these names are very
very imaginative for someone coming up with them right on the fly like this
very colorful I will agree and you sir the name is Spoonerson sounds like
someone got tired of making up names as they went from one side of the stage to
the other got so caught up making up the name that they just threw in your
occupation at the end which was explorer right oh god the lights went out turn
off the lights the lights are still on the lights are still on I can see
everything it's happening I can still kind of see everything
the lights are gradually going out I am growing ever more terrified everybody
just close your eyes close your eyes except for that one camera phone the
lights have gone out I can tell you as a bachelor sometimes your lights go out
when you least expected you thought you paid the bill and you skip them on more
of these bad you look like lights lights I found the circuit breaker I found it
well I think I know who did it a horse riding a motorcycle
hold on one second there was a there was a chainsaw in there too so they may well
have been in a car oh it's a chainsaw I do apologize I'm unaccustomed to such
much yes you're on my travels oh the body seems to have horse prints and
gunshot and chainsaw marks all over I say what a dreadful thing of course
the constabulary is held up by the storm so we'll have to stay here until
they show up how does that horse get away in that motorcycle of the storm is so
bad well I would I would hazard a guess that it was a liposonic stallions among
the smartest next to the Arabians not only can they hold a man but they can
ride a chainsaw very sensible why would the storm be holding up the police or
they ain't squad cause made of sugar sir
oh ma'am I would suggest you take a look at a movie called the Shining
um well one thing for certain the measure it is very cool oh there's such
good news Scotland Yard is here Detective Steve Levy how did he get into the
storm he gave was here already patrolling the barn what detective Steve
Levy
it's spandex detective I can tell by your stance and posture you are a lonely man
goddamn so on the degree it's pretty good inspector I beg of you to solve this
murder quickly this puts me in mind when my own dear husband was murdered you
say that you are already have a murdered spouse with a cast of the light of
suspicion on you right away one one one murdered spouse does not a murderous
make sir what is this the staircase my husband was murdered by an owl under
what circumstances he was at the top of the stairs arguing with an owl things
got heated well this is an active this is an active crime scene I think everyone
should clear out what we'll put around the yellow police tape and draw that
outline of the body well my goodness we'll bring in the crew clean up we're
dealing with dignified company here so do you need us to leave the room while
you do all this well maybe maybe you should stay and help me now this seems
highly a regular suspect in the murder investigation have to do the busy work
of sealing the crime scene it seems counter to your purposes if you don't
mind my saying so I am just a woman from the south well one thing is for
certain sir if it would be all right with the constabulary I believe the
deceased corpse should be removed from the anti-chamber into the oh I wasn't
saying that you had to sit down for a moment that I thought I saw a scene like it
okay Marissa has the corpse everybody it will take it will take two people who
will split off into a different scene to move her body into the ice box
well this is a grizzly affair but seeing as how I'm a soldier and been accustomed
to being around bloody scenes before I'll lend a hand I suppose do we have
another volunteer are we all British now I might be willing to volunteer to
assist this rascallion what say you shall we I don't see any reason for you
to have such anger towards me sir well but the deed must be done so let's go
together let's take a heave-ho lend a hand clap to that slab line and hoist away
on the other on the mission should we check with the police yeah this is highly
suspicious well this is a crime scene we need to investigate well I didn't eat
mr. hostess and there's an account very wisely said we should put the body into
the ice box I mean that's suspicious this is a fair yes mr. hostess and why
should we move the body away from the crime and why the ice box I mean you
don't know whose house is this and why and why are we all here for pity's sake
we never that was never really made clear the invitation why these four
different people are asked to your home I just received a serious invitation that
is correct to come to this mansion you won't regret it well it won't satisfy
you further to know that I received a similar invitation which simply added be
the butler
sir do you mean to say you are not a proper butler my words take I take much
umbridge at your tongue wagging I do you as you're a colonist but I am from
three generations of man's servants so please don't leave me if I may pull you
aside for a moment sergeant maybe yes let me pull you aside from it seems to
me that the main suspect here must be the host of this party that's never
shown himself and invited to a strange room and that of the strangers of a
murder who is this host that sent out these invitations I think he is your
suspect yeah well I you're accusatory I don't know anything about anyone here I
just I just arrived there's a body
insane you're all a bunch of characters you seem to you seem to be well
developed characters I would say sorry very well develop well maybe you heard
my husband got murdered sometime ago by an owl she says an owl indeed well I'll
tell you one thing my wife disappeared in much the same manner as a death by the
hands of a man a man took her away with wily-wiles
we let the scent in my house that could only be described as cologne I know it
because I wear it as such to try to procure another lady are you accusing
me of some if you have an accusation to make so I'll never sell that I've sent
before until tonight what from that side yes it's true I did run away with her
wife but I was not responsible for disappearance she left tonight I was as
much shocked as anybody she hates horses well I suppose not having done any of
these that it's time to pick who's the killer Mr. Hostesson Mr. Hostesson if I
may this one of these situations where Mr. Hostesson if I may I there's
someone has been conspicuously silent during all this I agree yeah I agree
fellow let's explore that sir first of all I will forgive you not remove your
pith helmet in the presence of a lady but why are you so strangely silent sir
they have been a murder because there's two things I know one thing is that I'm
an explorer and two things are that ass master embezzled butt munch at some
point it's a plot point and that might be relevant to this whole scenario we
found ourselves in because otherwise why would I know that my goodness what a
cat's cradle of well-crafted character it's as if some master story teller of
the top of his head whoa the spider's web of delight indeed let me ask a
question of these two gentlemen did you know the deceased lady Mrs. Florence
of course we all knew Mrs. Florence she was the biggest the biggest socialite
nesics gardens she was the lady of the Florentine gardens not not the same
lady Florentine lady Florentine oh my word I had no idea I was in the presence
of a saloon you pretend to not know who lady Florentine is well I perhaps it's
Southern modesty I found a trap door let's all go down my goodness the
murder weapon this must be it's covered in blood and horse hair it's a standard
issue horse knife very wide-handled to attach to a horseshoe but only one
person can lift this much weight
well the hostess and of the family host son of host gilded craftsman in the art
of hospitality is it not true that you are a domestic surfer and that you must
be skilled in the carrying of all things domestic and otherwise in a household
should something happen either economic problem you would be the only one in
this house that has access to the horse stables well you are true after a
fashion my friends however
you don't know is I have a horrible skin disease and keep peeling layers of my
face off are you the I use the actual master of this home I use the I use the
owner I'm just horribly deformed oh put it back that doesn't mean you can't
lift the I can't put it back on that's so effective peeling his own skin off
like that scene from poltergeist well what would you have me do live and not
do that don't do it it's unpleasant sir unpleasant I would expect nothing less
of all of you Ricardo Montabon that's right it's my house and I invited all
of you here because well each of you should know why one way or another
you've all done something wrong to me I think
Colonel ass master yes you've done a lot of wrong things to a lot of people did
you not once tell me that you would rather see me dead and this is falling
apart oh just now yes yes after a few glasses of port wine I did say as much
because you and Lady Florentine have been cheating around behind my back it's
quite well known that I had been dating Lady Florentine behind my wife's back
for many many months I found another trap door but only I'm going down it
yeah look at him go he's he's clearly the murderer right secret tunnels miles
of them must be some kind of destination well gentlemen I feel like we've
learned a valuable lesson here tonight some actual is eat peanut butter
straight out of the can others build tunnels and riddles no nobody chased to
me I mean it seemed like someone's obvious job to chase you but I don't
want to point any fingers everyone look look what Sergeant Leafy's been killed
oh that's why well that distraction was happening Sergeant Leafy's laying dead
in the floor with it with a with a letter opener stabbed in the back of his
face there's no light down here I can't I ran for miles and I can't I guess I
could go back the other way but I've turned around so many times I can't tell
which way I'm going now I'll walk this way for 20 seconds and if I don't
encounter anything I'll put a mark in the floor like a divot that I can feel
did you five years later
happy birthday to you well professor I can't believe it's our fifth year here
it's man shit still look the murders have gone unsolved I think we know who
did it seems like it's an open and shut case my family must be worried about me
at this point in a way though Colonel I feel as if we become our own little
family in this mansion say hi to my wife if you happen to leave I found oh snap
that's that sounded like a burn but I'm not sure who got burnt my wife if you
happen to leave I will okay sure thing I can hear seagulls I'm going to make my
way towards the sound hopefully this will be my last diary entry hopefully
because I've published these tomes a rocky shore has it been so long since
I've seen the light this elaborate labyrinth of caverns and passages must
have gone all the way under the natural limestone of Murder Island but why
terminate here why put a door at the sheer cliff the sound mocks me I did
a bad job hosting that murder mystery the jagged rocks invite me to my
recompense it's what I deserve I think I've come to terms with the loss of my
wife now there's so many years to meditate on it I feel much the same
professor I feel as if I'm finally ready to move on as the boat as the boat
turns and heaves to towards the winds turn away that you see the the stern of
the of the boat come into view and it says HMS I did it so ass master was the
murderer as for my death none will question its cause its murderer was
lack of preparation camera pans up and you see seagulls fly into the sky did I
turn into one of them or was it just a ratings board thing we don't know that
that was a really good murder mystery night you guys did a pretty good job I
think that was a solid effort now imagine what we could do with a couple hours of
preparation oh yeah definitely someone should transcribe that I think with a
few tweets we got a pretty good script I knew that you're supposed to tell some
people that they there's something about someone else but I I think I I don't I
didn't realize it's supposed to all lead back to you just told me your name is
Colonel ass master and you did it that's all I got and then I said your
professor but much and you're he stole your wife and then I said you're a
southern bell and my husband was murdered right separate thing and I said
you're the butler no way your name is Spuh-spuh-spuh-spuh... minutes later. Spoonerman no
way you're the explorer right because I realized I should be the butler and then
you walk over there a mess without a host yeah and then leave me I didn't tell
anything you get what you gave me the most complicated of all of those well I
told you after a while I said yeah you were dating Beauregard and that you
guys wanted and you weren't even in on it I was like what the fuck's going on not
at all and not only that the plot thickens that we're trying to rob the
house oh yeah I should have told you I should have told you should have told
him I should have told you that that was a real dead end for me it wasn't the
perfect crime all right well but like like you say that that was just you
freestyling man that was a that was like that was the equivalent of your
freestyle raps yeah that was like yeah you're saying it's time to time to end
the show and what have we learned what have we learned tonight we learned that
Paul's married it's true it doesn't have kids that he has a show on a seesaw
called Pajillion Dollar I was gonna say Pajillion Dollar Mysteries created by
Coolop that's right cool if you lie suck good job saying her last name I wasn't
gonna touch it the level the Lysok the Lysok all right next time I'll say it
just like I'm saying Johnson our friend Coolop created it it is supposedly
pretty good I'm biased but I think it's very fun it's like it's like an homage
to the to the to the treasure chest that is these unscripted realtor shows yes
which are all insane I've seen some of them they are all insane they're filled
with monstrous people and your character's name is Dean Rose Dragon
it's like the patriarch of the realtor we learned that DeMorge still really took
it to heart when we said that turtleneck was sexy last last time because I wore
twice sorry that's bullying I'm bullying we learned that Steve has to do
everything I say we learned that Spencer's I'm gonna explore Jeff still
loves clothes I still love clothes I was that you know there's some days when I
go I know it fuck clothes but I come back at the end of the day I'm like fuck
I can't I can't quit you clothes but this is this is a weekly check-in right yeah okay
we learned that the the mics are on a hair trigger but the lights are locked
down locked in place you have to go to a cabinet get a key slay a three-headed dog
I said turn the switch that's the cold open of the yeah the the the Matthew
Browder egg lights gone mad movie from the 80s but most of all we learned to
love it is sexual sexual I was surprised to learn that Spencer automatically
against murder mystery role-playing I have a thing against games where the
idea is let's come up with it right now and that's you know that's just
experience yeah that's that's that's very fair it's quite fair well I guess I
guess Dan there's a you know Paul you've never been on the show before this is
the part where the where I guess Paul sings a little ballad for us sure I'll be
happy to do your I'll be happy to do the I'm trying to pick music the rapper that
comes in on the bridge oh great featuring Dan Harmon the guy that's been
assigned by the label that's right to help bring up your first thing I don't
know that this is brand-new Jordi gave me this one too let me see if this one
will work I love this ballot all right let's try
well guess how long is that one that's too short you guys do a thing
how do you tell someone it's time to say yo how do you tell someone that it's
time to fly up into the sky can you feel it
hey you're just doing a little yeah this is all right it's like this is that
version right am I listening to the Twisty Cantal song where it's coming in
eventually he lets you know at the top he's like yeah okay but there will be a
breakdown yeah of course of course all right okay
how do you tell someone that it's time to say goodbye when we met you had a look
in your eyes I'll never forget you said you stole a pet from the pet store for
me you stole a pet for me and I said put that pet back in the pet store it's
illegal to steal pets even for love
take it down in for a penny in for a pound I saw your mama outside at the
ground round but she said let's go to the pet store she said I won't want to pay
for dogs no more but I said oh no you got to pick a dollar if you're gonna take
a dog on a leash in the color I'm here with P.F.G. and he's doing a pet store
I fell in love with you at the stolen pet store pet store you can't front all
man second verse yeah P.F.T.O.
how do you say hello to a new lover in your life
never wanted to fall off y'all
do you say hello when your new lover has a knife he said I'm gonna murder
pet store employees why must this happen to me my new lover is a pet store
employee murderer can't you see
two times two two to the four I put four to get four and I got eight more I'm
bad at math but that don't mean I'm good at reading gotta fucking through the
thing cutting and bleeding gotta I'm on the sidewalk and on the street I put
your mama's face in a hat and grabbed your feet and I swung around like she
was a shot put gonna put your mama so glow she gonna get shot shot shot shot
pet store why is that the pet store
why is that the pet store
I'm in love
shit it's bad yeah
thank you for coming to Hymaton everybody let's hear from Steve Levy
DeMorge Brown Spencer Crittenden I'm Jeff Davis you're made Dan Harmon everybody
Paul F. Tompkins
oh yeah
that's how you do it thank you for coming drive fast and take chances
everyone did you get any of that it's a good a show
Serial audio